so you got yourself in a bit of trouble
because open AI returns an error to you
and that error says that you have
exceeded the token length that's an
issue and we're going to show you four
different ways on how to fix that issue
so first let's set up the problem here
just one more time I'm going to copy and
paste a short passage into the
playground on open AI this is the same
for the API and I'm going to say hey
please summarize this thing for me and
you'll notice it's thinking about it
it's trying oh no the mock the model can
only process a maximum of 4 000 token
tokens in a single request this is an
issue and if you're running a business
or you're making a product based on open
ad you're gonna have to work your way
around this now there's word of them
with open ai's Foundry to increase this
model or this token length however it's
going to cost five or six figures a year
just to be able to use that one so I'm
not holding my breath for it and
regardless I imagine that model links
will always be a problem so it's good to
learn how to invest I'm going to learn
how to figure these out right now now
the way that I want to talk about these
four different methods is actually
starting off with a diagram first and I
find that this is helpful because
um well when you get the code it's kind
of confusing sometimes and so let's
let's go let's go into the diagram first
and use some pictures I like pictures
so let's reframe the problem one more
time so open AI has a 4K token limit
okay now scenario one you give a prompt
it gives you a response and it's still
below the 4K you're golden
let's say that you have a short prompt
and a longer response as long as it's
under the 4K you're still golden now
number three long prom short response
you're still good to go the issue is
going to be when you go from a long
prompt and a long response or any
combination of the two and you exceed
the 4K all right so let's figure out how
we're going to fix this here with
solution number one
it's what we call stuffing well I guess
I shouldn't really call it a solution I
should just call this a method to prompt
uh management if you will so in this
case we have our document and we're
going to try to summarize this document
our document is only 2K characters long
so we can feed that right into open Ai
and we can say hey uh please summarize
this for me and it's going to give us
the response and we're going to stay
under the 4K limit which is a good thing
however if our document is too long
that's where we run into an issue
again we have the 4K limit but our
document or documents is 8k characters
to 8 000 tokens long right we can't feed
that all into open AI that's an issue
and we won't be able to do it it's going
to throw an error to us so how do we get
around this well let's look at prompt
management method number two which is
called
oh well first of all the pros of this
one is you get one API call and all of
your data is in the prompt which is a
good thing because you have all the
contacts that you need
and the language model can uh can use it
the cons is that there's going to be the
limited context length you're going to
run into that error limit
the second method we're going to look at
is called mapreduce this is an
interesting one because again we still
have our 4K token limit but our document
is 8k tokens long so what do we do for
this one well in this case what we're
first going to do is we're first going
to slice up our document into individual
pieces
and with those individual pieces we're
going to pass each one over
come on now
we're going to pass each one over to
open Ai and we're going to say hey
here's your prompt and well here's your
prompt uh right then and there and
instead of just giving it one API call
and one prompt we're going to give it
four prompts in four separate API calls
and we're going to say to open AI hey it
would be great if you could please
summarize this for me and in response
we're going to get four different
summaries because we split it up into
four different chunks and then we're
going to make a fifth call on top of
that and we're going to say hey given
all these summaries that you just have
give me a final summary or give me a
summary of the summaries in this case
and so this is mapreduce now the pros
about this one is you can scale it to
pretty large documents which is cool not
only that it can be parallelized meaning
you can make all four of these API calls
in parallel you don't they're not um you
don't need to wait for one to return for
you to make the next one now the cons of
this one is you're going to start to
increase uh more API calls compared to
the stuffing method and you might lose a
little bit of information because you're
doing summaries on top of summaries on
top of summaries in some cases
yeah that's method number two let's go
ahead and look at method number three
and in this case there's the refine
method now with this one what we're
going to do is we're still going to
split up our document but in this case
we're just going to pass it chunk number
one and we're going to say hey please
generate me a summary okay cool well
with chunk number two what we're gonna
give it is we're gonna give it that
summary number one that we've already
gotten and then we're gonna say given
this summary number one given this
context from this chunk number two
please combine the two and give us a new
refined summary
and then this is going to keep on going
on and on and on until you get to the
end of your chunks that you have there
and then that final piece that you have
would be the fully refined summary if
you will and then that'll be your final
output now the pros about this one
is you get pretty relevant context
because you can kind of carry the
important parts across your chain there
the cons is that they're all independent
calls right and so it's a synchronous uh
process here where you need to wait for
one wait for the other wait for the
other and so it could take a long time
okay
now method number four that we're gonna
do is one that's gonna be called map
re-rank and this one is more for uh
specific questions rather than uh
summaries and in fact the library that
we're going to be using today uh doesn't
even support this for some reason they
only do questions and the way that this
is going to work here is we're still
going to split our documents but this
time we're going to pose a question to
our different chunks and what the um the
method is going to do here is it's going
to say hey how confident are you that
this answer that you've given from the
chunk is the final answer that we
actually need so in this case we asked
that on our first Chunk we asked that a
question and it has an 80 confidence
that this is the right answer then okay
we do it for chunk number two and
there's only a 25 chance that this is
the right answer and this is all just
the language model interpreting the
right answer so this isn't a scientific
process here and then what you do at the
very end of that is you're going to rank
whereas the re-rank part comes in you're
going to rank the top scores that you
have there and you're going to return
the answer that had the highest score so
it'd be difficult to do this as a
summary which is why we don't do it you
only do it for a question and answer
there
so the pros for this one is is it scales
well and it's but it's better for single
answer questions so not very complex
questions and then the cons is you're
not combining any information in between
documents because when you compare
prompt one and prompt two there's no
sharing of that information across there
all right now that is the four methods
that we're going to look at in diagram
form let's go ahead and check these out
in code form
all right let's look at some code here
so we're going to be using the lane
chain library now I don't think I need
to tell you but link chain is extremely
good at file loading document management
prompt management chaining all these
things together and it's really the
magic behind how we're doing everything
we're doing here so if you haven't
checked it out please go check it out
I'm going to load up some libraries for
us this includes the file loader the
summarize chain which is going to do the
summarizing for us and then a QA chain
which is going to do question answer for
us let's load up some documents we have
a John mere essay about Lake Tahoe and
we have a Paul Graham essay about work
exciting
um no I like programming so we do a
summary on our docs here I just made a
quick function we have one document
about 2200 2300 words and we have a
preview the glory of the Sierra
how beautiful how poetic and then let's
look at Paul's essay we have one
document it's about 22 and a half
thousand or Twenty twelve and a half
thousand words so it's quite quite
bigger quite larger and a preview before
College the two main things I worked on
outside of school were writing and
programming not quite as poetic as Mr
mirror but uh we'll let it slide here
let's load up our llm in this case we're
doing open AI pass in our key okay cool
and then we're going to load our
summarize chain and this is going to be
with the stuff method so the first
method that we talked about and in this
case we're going to take our entire
document and we're going to stuff it
into the prompt I like how visceral that
one sounds
and so let's do it for our small dock
that we have here and I did verbose
equals true because that's going to show
us what's underneath the covers and what
Lang chain is actually doing here so
write a concise summary of the following
which this is a lang chain prompt by the
way and then the inserts our own text
and then we give it a text okay cool
and then Lange says give us a concise
summary so in this article blah blah
blah and so we have our summary about
our small doc which is cool now if we
did this with a large dock Well Lane
chain is going to do the same exact
thing and it's going to say write a
concise summary of the following and
then we have the following but this is
quite large and this is where the issue
is going to be because down at the
bottom oh no this model's maximum
context length is about 40 97 tokens now
that's where issue is so how do we get
the summary of this larger dock well
that's where the other methods come in
so let's talk about those first one
we're going to look at is mapreduce so
again I'm going to say chain type equals
equals mapreduce and then we're going to
say for both equals true okay now if
we're going to run this on the small
dock
uh I mean no surprise here it's more or
less the same exact thing that we have
with the stuffing because stuffing
worked and mapreduce just has one
document to work with so let's not even
worry about that but to prove it to you
uh
you can see down here at the bottom we
get more or less the same summary
now the problem with our large dock is
that it's just one document or it's one
big huge chunk and we need to split that
into smaller chunks and the way I'm
going to do that is with Lang chains of
recursive text splitter
and okay cool we're gonna set this up
and I'm going to say chunk size equals
400 I would normally make this much
bigger but uh just to show you how it
works I'm going to make it smaller chunk
overlap I'm going to put it zero meaning
I don't need any Venn diagram
similarities going on there and I'm
going to say hey split my documents the
large stock and I'm going to put this
into a large Docs I know it's not a
wonderful way naming but that's what
we're going to do let me do a summary of
that so now I have 201 documents
um with the same with roughly the same
amount of words that which is too many
from beforehand and we still have our
preview okay cool but the important part
is that we now have instead of one big
dock we have 200 smaller docs right and
if I were to run uh the mapreduce chain
that we just made
but I'm only gonna do it on the first
five documents because 200 is way too
many and I don't want to spend all that
cash to query the API for that now
here's where the cool part starts to
happen so what Lang chain is doing is it
saying write a concise summary of the
following and then it gives it a shorter
chunk so it's not passing the entire
thing down there it's just this one
chunk Okay cool so there's section
number one
here's section number two section number
three section number four and section
number five because I said just give it
the first five sections and then what
it's doing is it's taking all those
summaries so here's summary One summary
two summary three summary four summary
five and it's saying write a concise
summary of the following so give me a
summary of the summaries and so we
finally get a summary of our entire
document that was way too big for the
prompt
um via the mapreduce method which is
cool
awesome so let's look at this one more
time but let's use the refine method so
in this case I'll do refined do verbose
equals true and again I'm just going to
do this on the first five documents
and so this is where it gets kind of
interesting the very first call that it
makes remember this is uh not in
parallel the first call that it makes is
write a concise summary of the following
and then we have all the different we
have the first chunk here and then
here's where it gets kind of interesting
this is link chain inserting this prompt
here
in talking to open AI your job is to
produce a final summary we have provided
the existing summary up until a certain
point so here is the summary that it
pulled from chunk number one
and then we have the opportunity
opportunity to refine using this extra
context
and then given the new new context
refine the summary all right cool so
that's chunk number two well chunk
number three oh interesting now we have
a longer summary because it had two
chunks to go off of and then it had part
number three and it says give me a new
summary give me a new summary give me a
new summary blah blah blah and so now we
have a longer summary between the two
and you can see the last one and so we
keep on refining and refining and
refining this is why this one's a little
bit longer here
so that's the refine method on how you
do it an alternative you're gonna have
to see if it works for use case I
suggest you try them out and see how it
goes and then the final one we're going
to do is we're going to switch over
instead of summarization we're going to
do a question and answer which is for
map re-rank so again we'll say for both
equals true but in this case I want to
return the intermediate steps which is
just a fancy way of saying hey show me
even more what's underneath the hood
so we got our chain there and we got our
query so who oops uh who was the
author's friend who got who he got
permission from to use the IBM 1401
um I saw this referenced in the document
so which is why I'm pulling it out so
I'm going to input my only the first
five docs again I'm going to give it my
question and I'm going to return the
outputs so let's go ahead and run this
so now it's going through and what it's
doing is it's kind of a complicated
prompt but it's cool to see
use the following piece of context to
help answer the question at the end in
addition to the answer also return a
score of how fully it answered the
user's question and then so not only
does it say hey here's the format we're
going to use how to determine the score
but then it also gives it examples about
how to score which is kind of
interesting so it gives it a couple
examples here and then begin
all right so just by the way this is
pretty good prompt engineering if this
is a fine example of it we have context
right here about the question and then
here's the final question who is the
author's friend blah blah blah blah and
then it does the same thing for chunk
number two chunk number three blah blah
blah blah blah blah and then we go down
and it finished the chain so it went
through all those different five chunks
ask the question ranked the answer for
each one of those questions and let's
see what we got here what we got rich
Draves which
um I won't show but it is in the essay
yes this is the right answer in fact I
bet you could even go in yeah so my
friend Rich Draves is pulled out of one
of the chunks which is cool
um cool now let's take a look at the
intermediate steps so what it did was I
went through the different five docs
that we passed it and for the first DOC
or for one of the docs I don't know
which number this was this document does
not answer the question score of zero it
does not answer does not answer does not
answer but for this document it did and
it gave it a score of 100 which is why
it was uh it returned that answer
super cool that is the ref that is the
map re-rank method so in the end there
are four different methods of prompt
management it's not it's kind of like
query management if you will about how
to chain your different commands
together in order to fit your use case
now have fun and uh let me know which
ones work for you we'll see you later